JSONL reader release (#573)
th2-net/th2-rpt-viewer: README.md

# Screenshots

![picture](screenshot.png)

# JSONL reader

## API

This functionality needs `th2-json-stream-provider 0.0.7 (or newer)` backend component to function. It should be accessible at `{rpt-viewer-path}/json-stream-provider*`

> ## Features

Reviewer: Please add a separate topic with correct examples of each file:
* simple notebook with all kinds of parameters
* result with all kinds for key words
* search file
* parameter values

Author: Isn't this examples should be on provider read me?

Reviewer: So we have tree entities:
* viewer which can work with specific file formats
* notebook which one nowhere described and can have any code
* js-p which handle request, pass some path to parameters, executes notebook and return result in any JSONL format.

I think detail for files are fully denuded on viewer

- View type could be changed using 3 dots on the right of the leaf. It has 4 types:
  - Plain JSON in one line;
  - Formated JSON;
  - Tree view;
  - Table, which will display field `#display-table`, which is 2D Array where first array is Header and others is rows, as formated table below leaf;
- View could be changed for whole group via buttons on the right of group name
- Leaf with `#display-timestamp` will be colored depending on current interval which could be changed at the top of view. It has millisecond, second, minute types of interval and any positive numeric value could be entered for them.
- It has search which will highlight searched values in the viewing files. Current search could be exported in the JSON file, and imported from such files. Search files has this structure

```
[{
  "pattern": "searched value",
  "color": "hex color"
}, ...]
```

> - JSONL reader can also get data of Jupyter Notebooks using  `th2-json-stream-provider`, when notebook is requested it will be displayed as list of parameters which could be modified. Then this notebook could be launched and resulting JSONL file will be requested on finish and added to current list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- JSONL reader can also generate data by Jupyter Notebooks execution using `th2-json-stream-provider`, when notebook is requested it will be displayed as list of parameters which could be modified. Then this notebook could be launched and resulting JSONL file will be requested on finish and added to current list.
```

> - Notebooks has default result of 1 in which case new results will overwrite previous result of this notebook, this could be changed in the bottom of notebook editing form, if amount is more than 1 then result will overwrite oldest one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Notebooks tab holds one one result by default in which case new results will overwrite previous result of this notebook, this could be changed in the bottom of notebook editing form, if amount is more than 1 then result will overwrite oldest one.
```

> - If notebook result had search file with structure stated before, it will replace current search.

Reviewer: Please write information about notebook parameters responsible for result and search file.

Author: I think this information should be in provider readme, since this parameters don't interact with ui

Reviewer: The detail information can be, but we should mentioned here about them.

Author: This parameters aren't used in anything on ui, why it should be mentioned here?
